yo guys boys and girls
dr. Corrales is back look at this way
ambulance node Bob heart transplant
incomplete Oh do not fear because there
the Corrales is here I will never let
Bob down never doctor Corrales is here
with you ambulance don't worry buddy
okay guys no time to fool around worst
at the monitor I'm tilting our P bus
everything fine is fine Bob your vitals
are good holy snap move away from Bob
alright suggest to explain stuff rib
cage liver stomach and a beating thing
here is the heart what we need to do is
to get in there I'm going to use my
favorite tool of them all that power
tool that's right oops sorry Bob
and we're just gonna Oh Bob is bleeding
Bob is bleeding this is bad where's the
green syringe right to the face green
syringe to the face my watch is gone Bob
this might sting a bit there we go
to stop the blood there we go this is
absolute mayhem buddy do not worry we
got this there we go one rabies gun why
is the stop giving Bob this is must be
the worst driver in the history all
right going for this I'm just wondering
has anyone actually performed this
operation in an ambulance I don't think
so
doctor Corrales is gonna be the first
one Bob you're gonna live buddy you can
omit only one rib here there we go 120
here
one here one here this is so hard
let's just say oh sorry Bob two more to
go and we have inside inside of bed
won't all right only this one left
Oh bottom or tad and it's gone I can
just feel it there we go Bob he's okay
but you don't need that whoa hammer
stop hitting Bobby in the face Bob oh my
god like 1 million pieces in here
whatever you do - guys be careful on the
inside here buddy you're gonna live you
just need a needle hard right you don't
need any of the other vital organs to
live I'm just gonna grab the pork chop
here I can't get into the pork chop
there we go look at this this is so
bizarre
[Music]
you're gonna be a fine buddy
I mean it's so well-made just look at
this yep just put it down it's okay it's
okay okay guys so this is the heart you
need to get in there knife
nurse doctor Corrales needs a knife
let's just get in here I'm going in I'm
going buddy I'm going in there we go
cutting some cords cut this one here as
well when when the heart stops stops
beating right there we go
you stand get freaky get his free kid
it's free get his free Bob you're gonna
live buddy
doctor Corrales is here
oh my god
how am I supposed to grab his heart
can't an ambulance just bounce so it
kind of pops out over Bob I got it I got
it buddy no I don't I'm gonna get it
guys
don't worry I feel that it's very good
[Music]
[Laughter]
Bob buddy
oops ooh whoa whoa all right no time to
fool around grab a new heart it's here
behold a new heart Bob this is so well
made just to get this all the cords and
things Bob you gotta be fine buddy I'm
just gonna plop it down why you not
working why you're not working
Bob's oozing blood green syringe green
syringe
now almost had it I almost had it I get
it
I got it Dario no Bob stop bleeding
buddy stay with me
whoa surgery complete I did not even do
anything
looks fine to me I'm sure I live this is
so awesome
okay guys next up is the kidney
transplant which might be a bit trickier
but incomplete Oh see in the next
episode of the wambulance node with Bob
end of the corrales I love this game and
also you guys said something about two
disks around like you when you have a
special mission here somewhere and I
don't know where it is though so be
careful Corrales grab the phone answer
the phone do not answer the phone guys
see you in the next one
yeah you guys told me I could write
stuff as well names here I can this is
Bob's in your kidney for the next
episode that's right see you guys in
next one take care and bye bye